c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Houseplugin.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Houseplugin.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Rocket.API.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Rocket.Core.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Rocket.Unturned.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Uconomy.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.JsonFx.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.ClipperLib.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Assembly-UnityScript-firstpass.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Poly2Tri.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashLog.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\Boo.Lang.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\bin\Debug\UnityScript.Lang.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\obj\Debug\Houseplugin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\obj\Debug\Houseplugin.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Houseplugin\Houseplugin\obj\Debug\Houseplugin.pdb
